1. STT at present batch mode - 

convert into stream mode with adaptive end pointer. use VAD temporary silence of 1 sec and trigger point
(like trigger the STT and waiting for 1-2 sec silence, when the stt output arrived and silence confirmed, directly trigger perception call)
below implementation is present but it needs to be fixed.
if you look at voice/cloud_stt.py (Line 60), the codebase was designed with this exact optimization in mind (Part 15 Phase D):
might have to change the standard https to gRPC or something different with bi direction. 

2. Interim route for perception call and gemini warmup
need some work to be done here.

3. check if en-IN gives better result than en-US

4. right now in STT the parameter of the STT is not tuned, it can be tuned to get better response

5. right now safety and nonsense is in regex form, this can be checked and improved. 

6. check if the local context overall can be stored in the LRU type of cache

7. perception_context.md need to be made proper with multi intent and more example, this need to improve. (understand what is logreg ressolver vs trained knn train_bank.npz)

8. Learner state update is happening with simple rule, this can be updated with proper day/week/month memory and replaced with SOTA knowledge tracing, EMA also can be improved 



Input layer:

1. STT issues which can cause problem here

root two vs route two	Folds root. Does not catch route.
factor vs fraction	No rule.
x squared vs x cube	No exponent rule at all.
minus signs	Folds the word minus. Does not fold the Unicode minus sign − (U+2212).
local-language pronunciation	No rule.

imagine if user says 'ohhhhh I understood' then legibility will fail and say not legible right? 

safety lexicon is a regex words can create issues like user can ask "if a knife can be used to cut cardboard" this is not safety critical but 'knife' word will trigger safety call and discard whole sentence so word based need to be removed. 

similarly regular expression finding needs to be unwired in math problem detection 

is this the only place anaphor word detection is happening? if yes this is not good. 


2. normalize has no idea what a maths word is. So the root cause becomes the sqrt cause




1. STT with student tantrum, reducing overall hallucination
2. stt with active code switching, STT with emotions
3. finding and regulating emotions of the student, simple STT loses this info




question:

what is LRU cache, where is it used? where is the miniLM model is running right now? will it run before the perception call? if miniLM is producing the top-8 topic, how we validate against gemini's concept prediction. i did not understand the topic shift fallback execution, if it is inherit topic why is it need to check in MiniLM anchor similarity. if gemini perception is used for concept id and later miniLM is used for RAG retrieval of concept, is it not creating difference. why are we using perception layer concept id at all if MiniLM is used for shadow policy and all the previous work, why do we need to work twice and create different result. I did not see _sample_train_anchors, all signals just had one example. when will the local hybrid cross_check is happening, if the cross check result is false what is going to happen?






21/8/26

Layer Test Noted Points.

layer 1 - Interaction control layer

1. Safety detection only happens for certain words or keywords which are already listed in the regex. need to find other way to implement (eg: small model for categorizing the input into safer or not based on the semantic meaning of entire sentence.)

2. The stt input sentence, based on confidence it measure the quality of the input (>60) , it have to be checked using audio inputs, for know the testing is done for text inputs but that checks the regex for classifying(quality is good or not).

3. The basic social interacting sentences like hii, hello, how are you, what is your name? for these key words its giving the fixed output without using Gemini call. but the issue is , if the sentence is like "hii, explain area of circle", then it find the 'hii' keyword and classify this sentence as social and outputs the generated sentence. This also should be evaluated using semantic model for understand the sentence meaning.

4. if the sentence doesn't have any hi, bomb , etc. .. keywords which are listed in regx , then that will be passed into phase 2 , for further evaluation as an learning sentence.
